Fix multiple typos. (#242)
npgsql/doc: conceptual/Npgsql/faq.md

One simple way to do this is to append ::TEXT in your query (e.g. `SELECT 3::TEXT`).

If you don't want to modify your query, Npgsql also includes an API for requesting types as text.

> The fetch returns all the columns in the resultset as text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code returns all the columns in the resultset as text:
```
